Internal link fix for the Hello Minikube tutorial (#42025)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/hello-minikube.md

The `dashboard` command enables the dashboard add-on and opens the proxy in the default web browser.
You can create Kubernetes resources on the dashboard such as Deployment and Service.

> If you are running in an environment as root, see the "URL copy and paste" tab.

Reviewer: 👋 @shurup 
Does the in-page link, `#dashboard-1` link to the second tab?

Author: @kbhawkey thanks for this clarification! This was what I actually started from. However, such a link didn't work in my browser (Firefox): nothing happens at all when I click on the `#dashboard-1` anchor. So I decided it was not an option. Perhaps I'm doing something wrong?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To find out how to view the web dashboard in your browser, see the "URL copy and paste" tab.
```

Author: @sftim I think such a change might lead a bit away from the original point. This tab also implies viewing the dashboard in the browser; it just assumes it will be launched right from a currently open terminal. To avoid it — specifically for users executing the `minikube` commands as a root — this sentence suggests another option when your terminal will only display the URL, which you can later use in your browser (launched before as a non-root user).

To make it more clear, I suggest the following:
```suggestion
Since this command will launch a browser under your current terminal user, you should not run it as root. Alternatively, you can get a URL in the terminal and use it in a browser to open the web dashboard. See the "URL copy and paste" tab for details about this method.
```

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Should people be running _any_ of this tutorial as root?

Author: Valid thought!

Here's my new suggestion then — I think it's a bit more precise:
```suggestion
To find out how to avoid directly invoking the browser from the terminal and get a URL for the web dashboard, see the "URL copy and paste" tab.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="URL copy and paste" %}}

> If you don't want minikube to open a web browser for you, run the `dashboard` command with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't want minikube to open a web browser for you, run the `dashboard` subcommand with the
```
